The Red Pig needs to build an airport for his plane, and he needs your help for that!

The area where the airport will be built is represented by the plane of points having real coordinates $(x, y)$ where $x, y \in [-L, L]$. The airport will be placed at a point $P$ among these, at coordinates $(x_P, y_P)$. However, there are $N$ obstacles, at points $O_1, \ldots, O_N$, with coordinates $(x_1, y_1), \ldots, (x_N, y_N)$. It is guaranteed that $|x_i|, |y_i| \leq K$, where $K < L$, and that $x_i, y_i$ are integers. The degree of annoyance caused by these obstacles is given by $ \displaystyle \max_{1 \leq i, j \leq N} m(\angle O_i P O_j), $ where $m(\angle X Y Z)$ is the measure of the angle determined by points $X$, $Y$, and $Z$. Note that $m(\angle X Y Z) \in [0, \pi]$ by definition.

In addition to the degree of annoyance, the place where the Red Pig builds his airport should be at least 1 unit away from any obstacle. In other words, the distance between $P$ and $O_i$ should be at least 1 for any $i$ from $1$ to $N$.

# Task

Help the Red Pig find a point $P$ that minimizes the degree of annoyance generated by obstacles, and which satisfies the other required conditions.

# Input data

The first line of the input data contains the numbers $N$, $K$, and $L$. The next $N$ lines contain the coordinates of the points $O_1, \ldots, O_N$.

# Output data

Print the minimum degree of annoyance that can be obtained.

# Constraints and clarifications
* $1 \leq N \leq 100\ 000$
* $1 \leq K < L \leq 10^{9}$.
* $|x_i|, |y_i| \leq K$.
* The points $O_1, \ldots, O_N$ are distinct.
* A solution will be considered correct if the degree of annoyance is not more than $10^{-5}$ above the jury's solution.
* The degree of annoyance is measured in radians.

## Subtask 1 (2 points)
* $N = 2$
## Subtask 2 (15 points)
* $N = 3$
## Subtask 3 (15 points)
* $N \leq 100$
## Subtask 4 (16 points)
* $N \leq 1\ 500$
## Subtask 5 (12 points)
* The positions of the points are chosen uniformly at random, $K = 5 \times 10^8$.
## Subtask 6 (40 points)
* No additional constraints

# Example
`stdin`
```text
3 9 10
6 -2
4 -4
-1 -2
```
`stdout`
```
0.141897054604
```