## Task

The phone numbers in Tinderlandia are generated by concatenating multiple consecutive positive numbers (which forms a sequence). For example, the phone number $181920$ is obtained by concatenating the consecutive numbers $18$, $19$ and $20$. Bob really wants Alice's number, but she wants him to work for it. She gives him a string $S$ of length $N$ and tells him that:
1. Her phone number was generated by adding exactly $X$ consecutive positive numbers (with $1 \leq X \leq N$).
2. $S$ is a subsequence of her phone number. A subsequence of a string is any prefix of any suffix.
3. At least one digit from each of these $X$ numbers must appear in $S$.

Help Bob determine if this is possible or if Alice gave him a fake number.

## Input data

The input file `phone.in` will contain the following:
On the first line, it will contain $T$, the number of tests.
Each test has the following format:
The first line contains $N$ and $X$, where $N$ is the length of the string $S$ and $X$ is the number of consecutive positive numbers that Alice says her phone number contains.
The next line will contain $S$.

## Output data

The output file `phone.out` will contain the answer for each of the $T$ tests. The answer for each test will be printed on a separate line: either YES if Alice is telling the truth or NO otherwise.

## Constraints and clarifications

$1 \leq T \leq 30$

$2 \leq N \leq 19$

## Example

`phone.in`
```
4
4 3
8192
4 4
8192
4 4
0123
3 3
123
```

`phone.out`
```
YES
NO
NO
YES
```

## Explanation

The first test case is the one from the statement. The numbers $18$ and $20$ are only partially contained in $S$.
The third test case is not valid because $0$ is not a positive number.