Fraud

Your uncle Reginaldius is very rich. Being very rich, he has access to rare products and services, such as the first robots on the market that play the role of servants. Uncle Reginaldius has such a robot, which, among other things, has the task of buying cheeses for your uncle's kitchen. Today, your uncle called you and told you that he is quite convinced that the robot is stealing from him when buying the cheeses. Of course, this is not a real problem for him, since he is very rich, but he is very interested in the perspective of publishing a paper on this topic, for which he has already chosen a name: "Do you know which data sets your robot trains with when you're not home?". Before doing this, he needs to ensure his hypothesis, and here is where you come in to help. Next, we will formalize the situation in Uncle Reginaldius's kitchen and ## his task:
- Uncle Reginaldius's kitchen contains 9 different types of cheese.
- Each type of cheese can be bought by the kilogram. For each type of cheese, the price of one kilogram is a natural number randomly chosen uniformly from the interval $[1, 1000]$ .
- Each day, the robot goes shopping. It chooses a subset of the 9 types and buys one kilogram of each. The subset is chosen randomly uniformly from the set of all subsets of cheeses, including the empty set.
- The robot then sums the prices per kilogram for the cheeses of that day, denoted by $S$.
- If the robot is honest, it will always tell your uncle that it spent a sum equal to $S$.
- If the robot is dishonest (read as thief), it will tell your uncle that it spent a sum equal to $ceil(S + X \cdot S)$ where $X$ is a number from the set $\{0.01, 0.02, 0.03, 0.04, 0.05\}$.
$X$ is randomly chosen uniformly from this set. $X$ is regenerated each day.
In other words, the robot will increase the displayed amount to your uncle by a randomly chosen percentage between 1 and 5 and then round it up to the nearest integer.
- Your uncle provides you with the sums displayed by the robot for the last 365 days and nothing more. He doesn't know either the prices of the cheeses or the subsets chosen by the robot each day, but he assumes they were generated according to the above algorithm.
Can you guess from the sums displayed by the robot whether it is honest or dishonest?
More precisely, you will receive 200 data sets, each containing 365 sums. Each set was generated using the above algorithm and for each, it was randomly chosen whether the set is generated with an honest robot or a dishonest one. In particular, please note that the prices of the cheeses are generated independently in each set.
You need to analyze the data and indicate for each set whether you think the robot that produced the respective sums is honest or dishonest.
To solve this problem, you need to guess the correct answer for at least 196/200 of the sets.

## Input data

The input file `fraud.in` will contain 200 data sets. Each data set is described on a single line and contains exactly 365 natural numbers, representing the sums displayed by the robot to your uncle each day of the past year.

## Output data

The output file `fraud.out` will contain 200 lines, each containing either the string "Honest" or the string "Dishonest", depending on the conclusion you draw for each set.

## Constraints

There will be a single test file, containing 200 sets, as described above.
The file is the same for all contest participants and remains fixed throughout the competition.
Since the problem involves multiple random elements, it can be argued that any competitor's solution, no matter how performant, may guess less than 196 sets correctly due to "bad luck".
We guarantee that there is at least one solution where "bad luck" has a minor effect.
In particular, the official solution was run on 10,000 different files generated according to the statement, solving them all correctly.

## Example

`fraud.in`

`123 45 6 100 45 \dots (other 360 values) 100 35 40 510 300 \dots (other 360 values) \dots (other 198 lines)`

`fraud.out`

`Honest`
`Dishonest`
`Honest`
`\dots (other 197 lines)`

## Explanation

We cannot provide a complete example due to the large size of the file.
The example above is chosen to illustrate the file format and is not necessarily a fragment from a file generated by the algorithm in the statement.
The values displayed in the output file are also meaningless.