## Task

Farmer Ionica has a rectangular field, divided into $M \times N$ unit areas ($M$ is the number of rows, and $N$ is the number of columns). Due to pollution generated by the nearby factory, some areas have been affected, making it impossible to cultivate any plants there at the moment. To be able to cultivate plants in those areas again, Farmer Ionica will need to clean them. He can rent some machinery for removing the pollution. Each machine will initially be placed in an affected area. From the initial area, a machine can be moved to any adjacent affected area (horizontally or vertically) and so on, until the machine reaches a final area, from where the company that rented the machine will come to pick it up. Each area through which a machine passes is completely cleaned (including the initial and final areas). The company offering the machinery has 2 types of rental contracts. The first type of contract allows placing a machine in any affected area, moving it through any number of affected areas (it may not be moved at all from the initial area), and picking it up from any final area. The second type of contract allows placing a machine in any affected area, but requires that the machine be moved through at least 4 distinct affected areas (including the initial area), and the final area must be the same as the initial area. In both types of contracts, any number of machines can be rented. Farmer Ionica has his own conditions as well. A rented machine must not pass through the same area more than once (except for the initial area, in the case of the second type of contract), and no machine must pass through unaffected areas. Also, he wants exactly one machine to pass through each affected area. Knowing the type of contract chosen by Farmer Ionica, the dimensions of the field, and the positions of the affected areas, determine the minimum number of machines that Farmer Ionica needs to rent.

## Input data

The first line of the input file `clear.in` contains 3 integers: $X$, $M$ and $N$. $X$ represents the type of the contract signed with the rental company. The next $M$ lines contain $N$ characters from the set {'0','1'}. If the $j$-th character on the $i$-th of these $M$ lines is 1, then the area on row $i$ and column $j$ is affected by pollution; if the character is 0, the respective area is unaffected.

## Output data

In the output file `clear.out` contain the minimum number of machines that Farmer Ionica needs to rent. If there is no way to rent machines such that all the conditions for both parties are satisfied, print $-1$.

## Constraints and clarifications

$1 \leq X \leq 2$

$1 \leq M \leq 333$

If $X = 1$

$1 \leq N \leq 7$

If $X = 2$

$1 \leq N \leq 10$

50% of the tests will have $X = 1$ (the remaining 50% will have $X = 2$).

## Example

`clear.in`

```
1
3
4
1101
0111
1111
```

`clear.out`

```
2
```

`clear.in`

```
2
3
4
1101
0111
1111
```

`clear.out`

```
-1
```

`clear.in`

```
2
6
6
011111
010001
111101
101101
100001
111111
```

`clear.out`

```
2
```