# TPerm

Three Romanian computer scientists have invented a new algorithm that generates all $N!$ permutations of $N$ elements in a specific order, which they called **the order of transpositions**. The algorithm starts with the permutation $1 \ 2 \ 3 \ \dots \ N$. Then it chooses a pair of 2 adjacent elements (located next to each other in the permutation) and swaps them. This way, a new permutation is obtained. Then the same procedure is applied to the new permutation, obtaining another permutation, and so on, until all $N!$ permutations have been generated (exactly once). You realize the algorithm must be quite smart to generate all permutations exactly once (without repetitions). Fortunately, you do not have to invent such an algorithm. In fact, you are given the files perm.pas and perm.cpp, which are 2 implementations of this algorithm, in Pascal and C/C++. They read the integer $N$ from the standard input and produce a file perm.txt containing all $N!$ permutations, one per line, in the order the algorithm generates them. What you need to do is, given a permutation, find out what position it is in the sequence of permutations generated by the algorithm. Positions are numbered from 1 to $N!$.

## Input data

The first line of the input file tperm.in contains the integer $N$, representing the number of elements of the permutation. The second line contains the $N$ elements of the permutation, separated by a space.

## Output data

In the output file tperm.out you will print the position of the permutation in the sequence of permutations generated by the algorithm.

## Constraints and clarifications

1 $\leq$ $N$ $\leq$ 100 

## Example

`tperm.in`
```
4
2 3 1 4
```
`tperm.out`
```
17
```

## Explanation

Run the two programs for $N=4$ and you will notice that the permutation $2 \ 3 \ 1 \ 4$ will be on the 17th line of the file perm.txt.