## Task

Stelica, an outstanding student at the International High School of Data Structures, is preparing for the Baccalaureate exam. Like any other student his age, whenever he finds something interesting unrelated to the exam, he postpones everything to study what he has found. Today, he discovered the algorithm for determining the diameter of a graph (the diameter of a graph is defined as the maximum of the minimum distances between 2 nodes). It's a very simple and easy-to-implement algorithm, and it made him think of all kinds of applications. The algorithm is as follows (described in pseudocode):

INPUT: an undirected connected graph $G(V, E)$ with nodes labeled from $1$ to $|V|$ (cardinality of $V$)
$nod\_current \leftarrow 1$
$answer \leftarrow 0$
for $K$ steps do
    determine the distance from $nod\_current$ to all others (e.g., through a bfs $\texttt{http://infoarena.ro/problema/bfs}$)
    $next \leftarrow$ the furthest node from $nod\_current$ such that neither pair $(next, nod\_curent)$ nor $(nod\_curent, next)$ have been chosen
    in case of a tie, choose $next$ at the maximum distance from $nod\_current$
    in case of a tie, according to the criterion above, choose $next$ with the smallest value
$answer \leftarrow \max(answer, distance between nod\_current and next)$
$nod\_current \leftarrow next$

This algorithm has a very interesting property: when the graph $G$ is a tree, you can choose $K = 2$ and the variable $answer$ will definitely contain the diameter of the tree at the end. For graphs, things are not quite the same. Even so, Stelica is very focused on this algorithm and stops learning for the baccalaureate, so his parents asked you to find a graph $G$ such that it requires the largest possible $K$ for the algorithm to determine the answer. They will score you based on how large you manage to make $K$ to show Stelica that it's not a good algorithm and he shouldn't waste his time with it. Hence, if you manage to make $K$ at least:
- $10$ - you will receive $30$ points
- $450$ - you will receive $50$ points
- $10\ 000$ - you will receive $75$ points
- $60\ 000$ - you will receive $100$ points

## Input data

The input file `diametru.in` will contain the full text of Mihai Eminescu's work "Floare Albastra" for those in the same situation as Stelica.

## Output data

The output file `diametru.out` must contain the description of a connected, undirected graph. The first row will contain $N$ and $M$, the number of vertices and the number of edges, respectively, in the graph generated by you. On the next $M$ lines, there will be $2$ numbers $x_i$ and $y_i$ with the meaning that there is an edge between the node with index $x_i$ and the one with index $y_i$.

## Constraints and clarifications

$1 \leq$ number of nodes in the graph generated by you $\leq 500$

The generated graph must necessarily be connected; otherwise, you will receive "Corrupted output file"

You are not allowed to have edges from a node to itself or multiple edges between the same pair of nodes

## Example

`diametru.in`
`
Iar te-ai cufundat în stele
Si în nori si-n ceruri nalte?
De nu m-ai uita încalte,
Sufletul vietii mele.
...
`

`diametru.out`
`
4 5
1 2
1 3
1 4
2 3
2 4
`

## Explanation

For this output, you will get $0$ points, but it is an example of a graph where the diameter is not found with $K = 2$, it requires $K \geq 3$. The algorithm will work as follows:

From node $1$, go to node $2$ which is at distance $1$ (all are equally distant from $1$ but $2$ has the smallest value)

From node $2$, go to node $3$ which is at distance $1$ (all are equally distant from $2$ but the pair $(1, 2)$ has already been chosen, and between $3$ and $4$, $3$ has the smallest value)

From node $3$, go to node $4$ which is at a distance of $2$ (it was chosen because it is the only one at a distance of $2$ from node $3$, the rest are only at a distance of $1$)