# Noise

Everyone knows that during high school breaks there is a lot of noise. A certain class holds the record for this noise level, and you want to find out what it is. The class consists of $N$ students who are lined up in a single row. Each pair of students is simultaneously having a conversation (so each student is having a conversation with all the other $N-1$ students). When a student $i$ talks to another student $j$, for $i$ to be heard, they need to generate sounds at a volume, in decibels, equal to the distance between $i$ and $j$. Calculate the total volume generated by all $N$ students.

## Input data

The first line of the file `galagie.in` contains the number $N$, representing the number of students. Each of the next $N$ lines contains a natural number representing the position of a student in the row, relative to the start of the row.

## Output data

The only line of the file `galagie.out` will contain a single number, representing the total volume modulo $1.000.000.007$.

## Constraints

$2 \leq N \leq 100.000$

The positions of the students are natural numbers ranging between $0$ and $10^9$ (the classroom is very large)

There can be multiple students in the same position, in which case the distance between them is considered $0$

## Example

`galagie.in`<br>
`3`<br>
`2`<br>
`5`<br>
`3`<br>

`galagie.out`<br>
`12`<br>

## Explanation

The first student communicates with the other two students and generates, to be heard, a volume equal to $|2-5| + |2-3| = 4$ decibels.

The second student generates a volume equal to $|5-2| + |5-3| = 5$ decibels.

The last student generates a volume of $|3-2| + |3-5| = 3$ decibels.

The total volume generated is equal to $4+5+3 = 12$ decibels.