# K1

To mitigate the economic crisis effects by increasing the number of viewers (and implicitly the revenue from advertising), the editorial team of a select TV show "Shocks and Competitions" has decided to organize a K1 fighting tournament. There will be $N$ athletes participating in this tournament. Each of them has a rating, calculated based on their previous results. The amount of money they receive for each fight they participate in is equal to this rating. After each fight, the winner's rating increases by the loser's rating.

## Task

Since the TV station aims for maximum profit, its leaders want to schedule the matches so that they pay the fighters the least possible total amount. Knowing that there are no drawn fights and that the tournament ends only after a winner is determined, calculate the minimum total amount the organizers can pay. The total amount paid by the TV station is obtained by summing the amounts paid to all fighters throughout the tournament.

## Input data

The input file k1.in contains:
- On the first line, a value $N$, representing the number of fighters invited to the tournament.
- On the next $N$ lines, each contains a non-zero natural number $x_i$, representing the initial rating of the $i$-th fighter.

## Output data

The output file k1.out contains a single natural number $s$, representing the minimum total amount the TV station can pay the fighters.

## Constraints

$0 < N \leq 1000000$

$1 \leq x_i \leq 10000$ for any natural number $i$ with the property $1 \leq i \leq N$

## Example

`k1.in`
```
3
1
1
1
```

`k1.out`
```
5
```

## Explanation

In the first fight, 2 athletes participate, each with a rating of $1$. In the last match, a fighter with a rating of $2$ (the winner of the first match) will meet another with a rating of $1$ (the one who did not participate in the first fight). The winner of the first match receives a total of $3$ ($1$ for the first fight and $2$ for the second), the one who lost the first fight and the one who participated only in the last fight receive $1$ each, so the TV station will pay a total of $5$.